New term entry for cross site scripting (#2794)
Codecademy/docs: content/cybersecurity/concepts/cyber-attack/terms/cross-site-scripting/cross-site-scripting.md

---
Title: 'Cross-Site Scripting (XSS)'
Description: 'Cross-site scripting is a common cyber attack where an attacker embeds malicious code on a trusted website in order to trick a user into executing it.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Cybersecurity'
Tags:
  - 'Cybersecurity'
  - 'Browsers'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-cybersecurity'
  - 'path/fundamentals-of-cybersecurity'
---

**Cross-site scripting**, also known as XSS, is a type of injection attack where an attacker successfully tricks the user into executing malicious code, usually in the form of a browser side script, sent through a trusted website. XSS attacks are one of the most common cyber attacks because many websites use input from users.

## Types of XSS Attacks

There are 3 common types of cross-site scripting attacks:

> 1. Stored/Persistent XSS: The attacker attempts to get data provided from injected scripts placed in the victim's web browser, or the website's web server or database.

Reviewer: Let's make this a little bit more clear
```suggestion
1. Stored/Persistent XSS: The attacker attempts to inject malicious scripts into a web server or database. These scripts are then delivered to victims when they access specific pages on the website.
```

2. Reflected/Non-Persistent XSS: The attacker attempts to have the user click on a malicious link, masqueraded as a legitimate link, from the website's error message, search result, or phishing email.

> 3. Document Object Model (DOM) Based XSS: With DOM-based XSS, the attacker attempts to exploit the victim's web browser by attacking the DOM, usually through the URL. This attack is also known as client-side XSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Document Object Model (DOM) Based XSS: Involves manipulating the Document Object Model (DOM) of a web page to execute malicious scripts in the victim's browser. This can occur through various user interactions and events, not limited to the URL alone. This attack is also known as client-side XSS.
```

> There are 3 common types of cross-site scripting attacks:
> 1. Stored/Persistent XSS: The attacker attempts to get data provided from injected scripts placed in the victim's web browser, or the website's web server or database.
> 
> 2. Reflected/Non-Persistent XSS: The attacker attempts to have the user click on a malicious link, masqueraded as a legitimate link, from the website's error message, search result, or phishing email.
> 
> 3. Document Object Model (DOM) Based XSS: With DOM-based XSS, the attacker attempts to exploit the victim's web browser by attacking the DOM, usually through the URL. This attack is also known as client-side XSS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are three common types of cross-site scripting attacks:

1. Stored/Persistent XSS: The attacker attempts to get data provided from injected scripts placed in the victim's web browser, or the website's web server or database.
2. Reflected/Non-Persistent XSS: The attacker attempts to have the user click on a malicious link, masqueraded as a legitimate link, from the website's error message, search result, or phishing email.
3. Document Object Model (DOM) Based XSS: With DOM-based XSS, the attacker attempts to exploit the victim's web browser by attacking the DOM, usually through the URL. This attack is also known as client-side XSS.
```
Adjust spacing. Should be a blank line before bulleted list and no blank lines between items.

## Risks

> XSS is particularly harmful because the victim is the user, not the web browser. This attack exploits the trust that exists between the user's web browser and the web server. The malicious code is injected into the web page that's delivered from the web server to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XSS is particularly harmful because its primary target is the user, not the web browser. This attack exploits the trust that exists between the user's web browser and the web server. The malicious code is injected into the web page that's delivered from the web server to the user.
```

XSS is particularly harmful because the victim is the user, not the web browser. This attack exploits the trust that exists between the user's web browser and the web server. The malicious code is injected into the web page that's delivered from the web server to the user.

> With successful XSS attacks, the attacker can:
> - Hijack the victim's session cookies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With successful XSS attacks, the attacker can:

- Hijack the victim's session cookies.
```
